Who's on two wheels.
he feels the wind on his face.
and I'm happy to tell you
enjoy it?
Bon Cop. Bad Cop
Intact Insurance offers?
This man!
Where the fuck are you?
Get out of the way!
Actually. where are you?
The stalker can't find you.
Your fucking
Your bullshit technology must be broken
through that window.
My fucking
my ridiculous technology?
How we're talking right now
you think?
Couldn't you just follow me?
You're the one that took TikTok and my location
while stirring.
I'm actually chasing someone!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
And that boomer of yours
your methods really worked...
I'm not a boomer!
I'm Generation X!
Intelligence. the man's bail
violates the law.
He's been on the run for a few days.
Apparently. he's more of a hardened criminal.
more like a crooked accountant.
Then why are you sweating?
Martin...
It's still an old revolver
Is it true you carry a pistol?
Yes. I did. Yeah. Yeah.
Can I see it?
Sorry. not now. son. no.
Come on! What's the harm?
Show it to the kid.
Al. Buy.
This is my longest relationship.
Oh. wow.
What is it?
What?
Never mind. Cats...
I didn't see a cat.
It's. well. it's like a piece of history.
Oh. really? A piece of history. huh?
I'm like an ancient artifact
to make me feel like you're trying to make me feel?
Stop your fucking attitude...
...or take care of yourself.
- I already am.
Stop lecturing me
tell me where he is.
We'll be there in 90 seconds.
Saint-Laurent.
- Prince-Arthur.
- What?
Stop mumbling. I can't understand you.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
It's better.
Saint-Laurent and Prince-Arthur.
Okay!
We are on our way.
We can't move.
Have you seen anyone that tall?
Red jacket.
Of course not.
Of course nobody saw anything.
- Hi. Oh. hi.
- Gabrielle. what are you doing?
I'm commandeering a scooter.
A scooter?
Sir. your keys.
Ma'am. your helmet.
- A helmet?
- Why would I do that?
As stated in Article 173B.
a police officer.
when an emergency requires it
has the right to seize a vehicle.
This is bullshit.
Fuck off and get the scooter!
Ma'am.
I'll tell you what we're going to do here.
You'll give me the helmet or
I'll arrest you for obstruction.
I'll handcuff him in front of everyone
and to console him
I'm gonna have a drink with your boyfriend.
Thank you. ma'am.
Shit. shit. shit. shit!
What is it. David?
I lost him.
I found it!
On the street behind Saint-Laurent.
southward!
It's us!
Let's go!
Go around the side.
Okay. we got it.
- Is that blood?
We'll take care of it. Take it easy.
Oh. wow!
The show doesn't start till 11:00!
Running after the ladies
Aren't you ashamed?
Asshole.
I'm a cop!
Okay. Uh-huh.
Three. two. one.
- Surprise!
- Don! Oh. my God! Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Shit!
Well. well. well. well. well!
Are you all right?
Hey. hey! This isn't Costco.
You know it!
That's enough. Come with me.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
big man. calm down.
Stand back. Keep your distance.
I'm a policeman.
Of course. I'm a surrogate mother.
Hands up. Let me see them.
Girls. maybe
Is he really a cop?
Hey. Reading Rainbow.
let us handle it.
Excuse me. Reading Rainbow?
Go to hell. walnut!
- Fuck you. you...
- Hey. enough!
Just because Big Brother
because you won.
that doesn't mean...
Mrs.-Bay finally explains...
What?
You asshole!
More from the surprise party than the raid
you were more nervous. man!
Shit!
You changed my gun. didn't you?
- All of them!
- You changed...
Yes. movie props.
Pick it up.
Don't drop it!
Are you a cop?
Uh... yeah.
I think this is it.
...that you are so wonderful to yourself
stop saying it. beach ball.
Oh. yeah.
Miss One-Horse Town?
It is. Mr. Obvious Beard.
- You're 8 scoops of ice cream!
Shut the fuck up
let me through?
Police. nobody move!
Do it just like them.
"They"?
Police!
Cuff me!
Seriously. cuff me.
Get out of my way...
Hands on the door.
David. you can't call them.
without knowing their gender identity.
I can definitely make a call. I'm sure the suspect
I know your gender identity.
He's a...
- Officer Gabrielle.
- Yes. I am.
Please...
can you make the call?
Officer Bouchard will make the call.
I'll check your pockets.
Dilaudid! I knew it!
To serve is for me
it was a great privilege.
Oh. my God.
With each and every one of you!
Then the toast is for you.
Thank you. Thank you.
And!
Even though I seem to have forgotten. I haven't.
one of the most fearless people in the room.
one. Doctor...
I want everyone to know
before he became a doctor.
Really?! Really? Really? I mean...
The truth is. if it wasn't for you.
I still lived in fear of dying of ALS.
if it wasn't for you.
Save it for the wedding. Romeo!
I guess everyone's here to have fun.
Thank you very much.
Thank you all. I am honored.
Let's have fun!
I feel like I'm in Bodyguard.
I feel like Whitney.
Shit!
- Doesn't it hurt?
- What?
Your ear.
You have a...
No. I don't feel anything.
No. no. no. no. that's disgusting!
- Are you serious?
- I swear. I don't feel anything.
- I know what to do!
- I mean...
No. no. no. no. no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'll take care of it.
Are you all right?
- Yes. it is.
- Not so fast.
I think I'm tired.
Don't get up too fast.
- Thank you. Thanks.
- Are you gonna be okay?
Have a good day.
Goodbye.
You're lucky to have that silver fox as your partner.
...he's my father.
Oh. no! That's weird!
I bet he gave you a beating.
Good night.
That was so creepy!
I'm just pretending!
- I mean. there are limits.
- Are you acting?
- Yes!
- That's it...
Well spoken. officer.
Well. you know.
I'm not a civil servant anymore. I'm just...
I am now an ordinary citizen.
It's a pity. because...
When you barged in here with your gun.
that intensity...
...very hot.
Really?
Yes.
Well...
Maybe you can keep that feeling until you get home.
Can you keep it in?
...until you get home?
No!
No...
Now. wait a second. Wait a second!
Chief?
Kevin!
Boss?
- Are you on the band council?
- Yes. I am.
Is the chief there?
No. no. no. no. The two of you together
I thought you were coming.
I was gonna pick him up. but he's not here.
It's a mess.
Looks like someone's looking for something.
What could they be looking for?
I don't know. man! All I know is...
Gone.
How was yesterday. David?
Very good.
What is this?
- I think this is your diploma.
- No...
I'm not in the mood for this.
Okay...
You brought me here for last night's operation
to congratulate you on your victory.
But... that doesn't seem to be the case.
Strange. isn't it?
David...
...why do you think
it's all in the stitches.
damage to property
and complaints?
About the stitches...
And "destruction of property"
like you said...
I didn't jump out the window for fun.
Just add it to his record.
Your man?
A person. a person.
His woman.
What?
The woman you arrested yesterday.
The one you called without following protocol.
And that's the problem...
I'm just not convinced...
...a woman was a woman.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
She's a woman.
He was born with female genitals.
identifies as a woman.
there's no other way. she's a woman.
Anyway...
"Whatever"?
It's weird.
What's strange?
A woman beating you up?
First of all. he didn't beat me up.
You don't look like you won that fight.
Using my strength and speed
threw me out that window.
Oh. my God...
The second one...
Second. you have three days off.
What?
Look...
While investigating the complaint. three
you're on unpaid leave.
Complaint?
A complaint was filed.
I have to take care of it.
You didn't follow search protocol. David.
Am I being suspended?
No. you're on unpaid leave.
I am being suspended.
Today is Wednesday.
Think of it as a long weekend.
And to take time for yourself
a moment.
Of course. Kim...
I've been taking pottery classes for years.
I was thinking.
in this way.
I can finally make it happen.
That's great. I'm here to see the plate you made
I can't wait.
Cost calculation.
first-class travel.
five-star hotels.
And most weekends you're still at home.
Sounds comfortable.
Don't you have Advil?
Don't be nervous.
I think they shrunk my suit.
just a good impression
I'm trying to quit!
He's offering you the job.
Martin.
So you've already quit.
Yeah. but I've got a couple
I got minus points.
It's all David's fault.
Don't forget that.
The Prime Minister said about your file
fully informed.
and that you're the best man for the job.
He believes.
so... don't fuck it up. man!
Siri. call Martin.
Despite its small size.
weasel
Shit.
I'm sorry I missed your party.
How was your flight?
The party was great.
The flight was... bumpy.
Hey. listen. I...
I mean. I went there with sunglasses
I can't. can I? It's...
- It's game time. You ready?
- Yeah. let's go.
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop! Wait...
Let me see that.
Remember the devil.
David...
- Martin!
I'll call you later.
It's nothing urgent. it's just...
Call me when you can.
Okay...
Come on!
I've finally come to terms with the RCMP legend
I'm getting acquainted!
Well. hello. sir.
I'm sorry. uh...
Do you prefer French.
or...
English?
As you wish.
Something to drink? Coffee.
tea. Sprite. milk?
Water would be great.
Okay. Water.
With a hangover
water doesn't cut me.
I have to change the taste...
to get rid of that bad taste in my mouth.
Yes. please.
Thank you.
Please sit down.
Thank you. yes.
Well...
Well. Martin...
I like to be frank.
I did my homework.
I read your whole file. everything. and...
I just have one question.
What is this miraculous healing?
Sir.
Don't call me "sir".
Against taxpayers
we have a responsibility.
Why did Martin bring this up?
that I'm bringing him here.
Being a national security advisor...
is a delicate matter.
Understood. yes.
I'm sorry. but very few people
He recovers from Lou Reed's Disease.
Lou Gehrig. sir.
Yes.
Oh. God! Oh. God! Oh. shit! Oh. shit!
Did I say Lou Reed?
I'm very. very sorry.
No. it's okay. it's totally fine.
Long story short...
Important life stories
We don't cut it short. Martin.
You're right.
Well. a couple years ago.
I thought it was ALS.
I started showing symptoms.
that's why I was worried.
I went to the doctor.
and he was worried.
so he sent me to a specialist.
and I...
I panicked.
And. well. I... I didn't leave.
I didn't follow it.
I chose to live in denial
and accepted my fate.
Hey. Hey.
- Hello. [Chuckles]
Elliott.
there's someone who wants to see you.
What's up?
Hey. hey. hey.
Do you want to play 21?
I'm sorry. I can't.
My girlfriend's about to call.
You have a girlfriend?
Good. [chuckles]
Come on. it's just a game.
Another time.
Sure...
...another time.
Okay. but it's just a game.
Let's go!
...a few months later.
a mutual friend of mine
At the Super Bowl party
I met this wonderful woman.
and we made a deal right away.
we started dating right away
and he's a doctor. I found out.
and you woke me up and you woke me up...
You know. out of the sand.
to get tested.
and that's how we got the diagnosis.
and it wasn't ALS after all.
Kennedy's disease.
which is a lot like ALS.
but Kennedy's disease is not fatal.
it doesn't affect my brain.
and you know. muscle spasms
can be controlled with medication.
which I've been using for the last few months.
Stories like this...
I love him more now.
How happy!
You don't believe.
Steven is not always positive.
Hey. hey. hey.
Congratulations.
Okay. Okay. All right. all right. all right. all right.
Welcome aboard. Martin.
It's an absolute pleasure. sir.
They're ready. boss!
It's about time!
- Oh. wow. wow. wow.
Martin. this is a little taste of home for you:
fried oysters.
Fried oysters!
- Okay...
- Oysters!
I said oysters...
Ooh. how are you. baby?
No. not you.
The bow-legged one
Fuck off!
It's easy. man.
It's too easy.
You're not such a big man now.
right?
Here I go. here I go
I'm leaving again
For God's sake!
All right. then.
I'm hanging out. I'm hanging out
I'm minding my own business
Yo. Salt. I looked around
And I couldn't believe it
I swear. I looked.
My niece is my witness
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Bad. bad
I had to kick
In the whole organization
there are four of us.
We need to do more on this.
Forensic medicine Search dogs.
I don't have the budget for that.
Time is running out.
Calling the RCMP
you think it's gonna help?
He is right.
Chef Georges
we can find it ourselves.
Find the person responsible
Let's do justice our own way!
Rusty. You know I love you.
But we're not at war here.
That's right! But
When your chief is kidnapped.
with the war just around the corner
it looks like.
But we don't know he was kidnapped.
Then where is he?
Yes!
Those white cops
you know what he thinks of us.
Yes!
Yes! That's why I think they're right
let's not take it off!
No more fighting.
not at a time like this.
Let's vote.
- No!
Everyone knows where they stand
He knows.
Joe made his decisions
as chief of police
it's one-sided.
Out of this politics
and you know it.
We appointed Joe two years ago
and we authorized him.
and he's the best
became our chief of police.
- Yes!
- By far!
However.
if Joe decides...
which I hope he will...
this topic
to keep it in the community.
then a special budget
we can vote for
to help him.
Otherwise. he will vote
There's nothing!
Yes!
There are two big problems. Martin.
First. that damn border
and that crazy man downstairs
all the bullshit he's mixed up in.
and the second is the First Nations.
Steve's gonna tell you
about what's going on
I'll let him tell you.
Martin. I've been working on the pipeline
from the vote to be held
I'm sure you're aware.
Society is very divided.
And because I'm Indigenous.
some see me as a traitor.
because I support it.
and others love me. because
we need to make sure that our resources
I advocate exploitation.
Of course only First Nations
really benefit from it.
But I'm afraid of the protests that could erupt.
we're worried.
Now. there's a big one in Ottawa
we've heard you're going to be.
and we don't want a Freedom Convoy 2.0
we don't want
Okay. all right. then.
why don't you keep me informed.
and tell me what I can do
who know what you don't know
direct it.
- What do you mean by that?
- You alienated
half the community.
I mean. at best.
we will need
half of the information
we have.
Damn. how fast!
Good catch. Steven!
I got it. uh...
Moustache to moustache!
Yes.
WILL YOU COME TO DINNER?
I'M NOT SURE. CALL ME LATER.
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU DO?
DRINKING CHEAP WINE
SWIPE LEFT ON TINDER?
STUPID!
CUTE-EYED CAT EMOJI
OK. 7?
I don't smell pizza.
Because I don't want
I had time to cook.
Here it is.
French toast?
Oh. wow.
Don't you like French toast?
Everybody loves it.
I like French toast...
on Sunday mornings.
How boring; how boring to enjoy something
a time and place to take it out...
I mean. mentally.
I am not rigid.
What is it? Am I boring?
Okay. I guess I'm boring.
You are not.
But you're not comfortable.
Talk about relaxing.
yesterday...
Hey! Hey! Hey! What about your rules?
What rules?
- We're not talking about work.
- You're right.
Well...
How many 32-year-olds
Before you called me?
None of them.
That's right.
I didn't want to have sex.
I wanted to talk.
10 years ago I took it as a compliment
I could have taken it for granted.
But now...
- Dupuis...
the second rule.
We'll never be together.
- Of course not.
But you're gonna make me look like an old witch
you don't have to make me feel.
What?
We will never be together.
but I don't think it's what you want.
I don't want it to be for you.
I mean. we won't be together. but
I have to make you feel lovable?
Exactly. we won't be together.
of my own accord.
Are you all right?
No. no. no. no. no. no. No...
My ex has a new girlfriend.
- How long ago did you break up?
- A year.
Finding a new girlfriend
it took you a whole year.
Which means.
the reason why he left...
it was me.
You're lucky.
Who was he?
Suzie?
At least she left you for someone else.
Yeah...
You are absolutely right.
Actually. I was just thinking.
"Bouchard. you're very lucky."
"Your wife has made you younger for the second time.
more handsome and more caring
she left for a man.
you are suspended from work..."
No business talk. remember?
This is about me. not the job.
And on top of all that.
my daughter hardly talks to me anymore.
You're right. everything's going great!
And I'm really grateful for that.
Seriously. namaste. carpe diem. damn it.
Are you laughing?
Oh. come on!
"Namaste. carpe diem.
Fuck you"?
It's terrible.
No. it's great!
As soon as you get your t-shirts
I'm suppressing it.
Stop.
What?
You are looking.
From where I sit
if you saw what I've seen.
and you'd look at it.
Stop it. When you do that
I can't concentrate.
Come on. time to hit the road.
Thank you. David. that's...
I've been eating for a long time
the best breakfast ever.
- You can't drive.
- I know. I'll call a cab.
- Why don't you sleep here?
- Bouchard...
I'll sleep on the couch.
Worst idea ever.
I don't want to drink my morning coffee alone.
Me too.
Okay. but I'm on the couch.
Get out.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I am.
Come on. come on. come on.
- Okay.
- That's good.
Hey. your coffee.
I'm sorry. I had an emergency.
I have to take care of it.
Is it really that urgent?
Be in my office in an hour.
At the latest!
What?
I mean. frankly...
No. no...
He's my boss.
It's disgusting.
"Disgusting"?
It's like I'm with my teacher
like I'm dating.
It's not like that at all!
Anyway. I don't want you
more time spent
I'm glad you are.
With people closer to your age.
Go to hell.
I really want him
you seem to like it.
I don't like him!
He's my friend.
I have a woman friend for once.
It is very enriching.
Yeah. I got it.
Hey. everybody?
My neighbor is sleeping with her boss.
It's disgusting!
Bouchard. sit down.
We don't have time to dawdle.
There's a slight
I feel a chill.
Gesgapegiag Chief Georges Condo
disappeared yesterday.
Helping with the investigation
requested.
This is an order from the top.
You must leave. Now.
Gesgapegiag Police Chief
waiting for you.
- Chef. I'm more...
- There are so many chefs...
I am confused.
I'm sorry. it's just...
Gabrielle. I don't think
You're perfect.
What can I say?
More investigations than that
I have no one with experience.
Thank you both.
Drive carefully.
Thank you.
Oh. my God...
I'd really like to go.
but it's still only for two days.
I was suspended from duty.
Well. your sentence is over then.
Ha! I knew it!
I was grounded!
I knew it!
I'll turn it down.
- That'd be good.
Because I really...
21?
Right. you're at that age...
Okay!
About a colleague
you cannot file a complaint
without talking to him first!
And I didn't shoot anyone.
in the heat of the moment. I made a mistake.
That rat partner of yours better walk the right path.
At the slightest mistake.
will get a file full of complaints.
Maybe he didn't even do it.
Who else could it be?
A civilian; complaints
anonymous these days.
Anyway. I'll find out.
I know everyone in Internal Affairs.
You can't do that.
I just want to know who you are
I want to know.
Don't try to find out who he is.
Instead. ask yourself this:
Why would someone file a complaint
to be present?
You're right.
But we are a family.
Before you spend someone
we talk to each other.
You're stretching me.
Get out of here. I'm hungry.
In a local place
I want to stop.
But we can get our fill here.
That's enough. anyway.
gasoline is cheaper in the reserve.
You don't even pay.
SQ pays.
This is a way to use public funds
is no reason to squander it.
- Just get out of here.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
- Look...
- It's never gonna happen.
Get out.
- Get out.
- No
- Pull over.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
- Pull over. pull over...
- Okay...
But we'll fill the tank with reserves.
Yes!
Thank you.
Can I have a printed receipt. please?
Thank you. David.
Can you get the envelope out of the glove compartment?
Hold on.
Okay... Okay...
Thank you.
Here. you can put it back.
- When did I leave you?
- When what?
It's my fault;
I wasn't there for you.
We have enough gasoline
I told you it wasn't.
Okay. David...
A bite of multinational fast food
or locally
Do you want to starve?
There you have it.
I don't like you calling me "David."
Just at work.
I don't see it anywhere else.
It creates distance.
more professional.
And that's why
it breaks my heart.
I can't be emotionally distant.
The elderly. a white savior
they'll be angry that you called them.
White is a savior
We needed help
and you know it.
And yet... I'll call them
Good luck with persuasion.
For now...
Let's keep this to ourselves.
They'll find out soon enough. Joe.
Just until we have a plan.
A short plan.
Without knowing the whole reservation
you have about three minutes first.
Gabe?
Joe?!
Oh. God. I can't...
I'm so happy to see you...
Are you pregnant...
Yes. I'm pregnant. You can tell me.
We went to Nicolet together.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Kevin!
You have no idea how lucky we are.
His best partner and...
and his father! David Bouchard
No need for an introduction. sir.
You're a living legend!
A living legend...
Did you hear that?
A teacher in Nicolet said
not a day went by.
Really?
- You never talked about it.
- It wasn't always positive.
Wow. you're glowing!
Come in!
You're not very "distant" with him...
What?
Half the society was against you coming here.
What happened to the other half?
They are not very enthusiastic either.
Don't worry.
As soon as he gains their trust...
And that usually takes a year... Maybe two.
At least half of society
he's glad we're here.
You will also need to gain their trust.
Okay...
But since your daughter is here.
according to the police. it won't be long now.
I'm telling you. nobody
She can't resist Gabrielle.
Can we see the crime scene?
We'll go on foot.
So you can feel this place.
Understand the environment. So that everyone knows
we hide nothing from them.
That wasn't my original plan.
your secret arrival
it made me think again.
Yeah...
Gabrielle a few cents
he wanted to save.
No. it's not. No. this...
- It's not a problem.
- It's unnecessary.
- Cheap but charismatic.
- Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
We need to talk to them first
shouldn't we.
so they know they can trust us?
Not yet.
Before trust comes respect.
So. are we in reserve now?
Yes.
Because it is uncertain.
What did you expect?
Canoes parked in front of the tents?
Buffalo skins hung out to dry?
No. no. no.
only there's the entrance.
I thought it would be a cabin or something.
Like the fucking camp?
No. it's more like a national park.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
What? I don't know these things.
At least I'm asking questions.
Whose dogs are these?
Rez dogs.
We take care of them.
I don't like it.
- Don't run. Gab.
- I don't like it.
- Don't run. Don't run!
- Don't run! Don't run!
- Stop running!
- I can't do it!
Your father is strange.
What do you think?
Wow! Yeah...
- Yes?
- Martin. I don't think the Chief
Gaspegiag disappeared yesterday.
SQ is already there.
Now Prime Minister
worried about this.
One of his team
he wants him there as soon as possible.
I don't know any of his team.
I haven't been around much.
so why shouldn't I call?
RCMP Headquarters
- He's someone's
he wants you to be you.
I'm sorry. me?
It's a delicate matter. Martin.
Prime Minister.
he wants someone he can trust.
Look. Steve.
I accepted this mission
because as much as I love my job.
I don't want to be on the field.
I know. That's why I'm doing police work.
Leave it to SQ.
And you're not going to be able
get it under control.
I want to do it even less.
So. how many officers did SQ send?
Two.
David Bouchard
and Gabrielle Bouchard.
Are you David?
For God's sake!
You've got to be kidding me!
Okay... Martin.
Just go over there.
You think the suspect is local?
You cannot be elected five times in a row
if you're not loved and respected by society.
Where to start
about the whole thing?
We are talking to everyone in the reserve.
I just can't get out of my jurisdiction.
We won't stay here 724.
And Baie-des-Chaleurs is not small.
Shall we go in?
No. no. no. no.
Let's wait till morning;
I'm waiting to hear from a crime scene expert.
If we go in.
we'll contaminate the crime scene even more.
It's been over 36 hours.
I won't wait too long for your man.
I know you did;
I told him it was urgent.
Okay. I trust you.
All right. I'll keep an eye on him.
Are you sure?
Yeah. don't worry. Go get some rest.
No. no. no. no. no. No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
After we left. we went inside
you're planning on going in. aren't you?
What is it? Of course not!
I swear!
I trust you.
Okay. let's go. I'm watching you.
Get out of here!
Stop! Stop! For God's sake.
Come here.
Come on!
Okay. down. Get down.
So. who's the lucky dad?
Lucky dad?
He's so lucky.
and when I told her I was having the baby. she ran away.
Six months pregnant.
cool guys in their thirties
he's not dying to go on a date with you.
Because they are afraid.
Hey! Hey! Police!
Shit.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Oh. wow. Really. David?
Already?
Already?!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Oh. shit! Oh. shit! Oh. shit!
Turn off the engine!
What?
Of course...
- Is it always like this?
- Yes. it is.
- Martin!
- Martin?
David.
Yeah... What the fuck?!
Who the fuck is Martin?
Did you change your hair?
No. no. no.
Moustache
Yes!
It's good to see you. man!
Why do you always get everyone in trouble?
Even for 24 hours
Can't you be a normal cop?
What's wrong with you?
Are you trying to prove yourself?
I don't want to see your mid-life crisis
and we have to shoot it?